add content on using ASAN and how to deal with TSAN slowness (#142)
Quansight-Labs/free-threaded-compatibility: docs/debugging.md

Since thread sanitizer adds significant overhead to both the Python interpreter
and any native code compiled under thread sanitizer, many projects will be unable
to run their full test suite under thread sanitizer.

For that reason, we also suggest setting up CI run for your full test suite
using [address
sanitizer](https://github.com/google/sanitizers/wiki/addresssanitizer) (or
ASAN). Address sanitizer will detect if there are any memory safety issues
triggered by multithreaded tests. While it will not detect data races that do
not lead to observable memory safety issues, it will detect races that could
lead to e.g. a segmentation fault and give precise debugging information about
the nature of the memory safety issue. A developer could then look more closely
at the issue using thread sanitizer outside of CI to more fully understand whether
data races contributed to the memory safety issue.

You can build Python with address sanitizer by passing `--with-address-sanitizer`
to the CPython configure script. You can build NumPy with address sanitizer by passing
`-Csetup-args=-Db_sanitize=address` as an argument to `pip install`.

> Like thread sanitizer, address sanitizer also accepts a number of options to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like ThreadSanitizer, AddressSanitizer also accepts a number of options to
```

I suggest to do the same higher up as well. It's a name, and the docs of these projects use the camelcase name consistently, so either that or TSan/ASan would be nice.
